## 946A: Partition
[**Link**](http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/946/A/) | [**Solution**](http://codeforces.com/contest/946/submission/44466827)\
We are given a sequence of *n* integers, and we need to divide it into two sequences, b and c. A sequence can be empty, and we need to find the highest value of the difference between the sum of elements in b and the sum of elements in c. In other words, find the highest value of *b - c*. In order to achieve this, put all positive elements on b, and then put all negative elements on c, to achieve addition instead. For example, given `-1, 2, 3`, b has `3, 2`, and c has `-1`. In this case, *b - c* would be `5 - (-1) = 6`, which is maximum possible.\
Worst Case: *O*(*n*), because we traverse the sequence once, while adding all positive numbers to b and all negative numbers to c.

## 978B: File Name
[**Link**](http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/978/B) | [**Solution**](http://codeforces.com/contest/978/submission/44466939)\
Given a file name, we need to find how many characters should Polycarp delete so that the file name does not contain "xxx" as a substring. To find the solution, traverse the string from the 2nd letter to the last, and check if the current letter, the previous letter, and the previous of the previous letter is "x". In other words, check if string[i], string[i-1], and string[i-2] is "x". If it is true, remove one "x" (or create a remove variable and increment that).\
Worst Case: *O*(*n*), because we traverse the string once to check how many letters to remove.

## 731B: Coupons and Discounts
[**Link**](http://codeforces.com/problemset/problem/731/B) | [**Solution**](http://codeforces.com/contest/731/submission/44467108)\
There is a sequence of numbers that contain how many teams will be attending the training session on the i-th day. Sereja has a discount and a coupon, which is buy 1 get 1 free, or buy 1, get 1 free for tomorrow. To find if it is possible to buy the teams pizza by only using the discount and coupons, traverse the array from the first element. If the element is an even number, it means that Sereja can buy the pizzas using the buy 1 get 1 free discount. If it is an odd number, it means that Sereja needs to use the coupon, and he needs to order another pizza tomorrow (decrement the next element by 1). If it is a negative number (if yesterday Sereja used a coupon but no teams are attending the session tomorrow), then it is instantly impossible. For the last element, check if it is an even number (after being decremented if the second last element after traversing is odd). If it is even, then Sereja can use the discount, and the session ends without any additional orders. If it is odd, then Sereja cannot buy the pizzas using the discount or coupon, because if Sereja uses the coupon, he needs to buy an additional pizza for the next training session, which doesn't exist because today was the last training session.\
Worst Case: *O*(*n*), because we traverse the sequence exactly once.
